portable self-contained safe rugged
these are just a few of the reasons why
the battery-operated and versatile smith
light from pro built professional
lighting is so innovative this LED work
light is perfect for many job sites
including nighttime utility and road
work industrial and plant use general
construction farming accident
investigations railway maintenance of
way or anywhere you need quick
dependable lighting the smith light can
withstand the toughest environments
constructed of highly durable abs and
polycarbonate the smith light is
completely weatherproof and dust proof
the adjustable light head allows a wide
beam to be directed at various Heights
and angles the unique base of the unit
is designed to accept many mounting
brackets for attaching the light to a
tripod scaffolding utility poles or a
flat surface all are available through
Pro built professional lighting a
stabilizing and security plate slides
easily into place with the wrapped chain
lock accessory you can secure your smith
light against an accidental fall
additional accessories are available for
all models including a backpack and
colored lenses all Smith lights have a
sealed gel acid battery that can be
recharged with either the 12-volt
vehicle adapter or the 120 volt wall
adapter and both are provided with the
system and can be stored in the
integrated storage compartment function
is important but so is safety on the job
site so the Smith light was designed
with no hot surfaces that would expose
you to injury the Smith light comes in
four models the i-n 2400 L the in-1 20lb
the TM 120 L and the Smith light
traveler three models extend from 24
inches closed to
forty-four inches tall the Smith light.i
in 2400 L weighs just 25 pounds and runs
up to 48 hours after a 14 hour battery
recharged with this model you get three
levels of illumination the Smith Lite
in-1 20lb is a two-sided work light that
weighs 23 pounds and features a low
battery alarm an LED battery status
indicator and a safety flashing feature
a third model the TM 120 L is even
lighter weighing less than 17 pounds
although it weighs less it also extends
from 24 inches closed to 44 inches it
runs up to 12 hours after an eight hour
battery recharge when you need even more
portability
there's the Swift light traveler this
smaller version was designed to address
the need for a lightweight lighting
system without compromising on the
rugged durability of its bigger brothers
like the larger models the traveler
features a low battery alarm and an LED
battery status indicator like all pro
built professional lighting solutions
the Smith light family of self-contained
battery powered LED work lights is
another highly durable bright and
versatile lighting solution for most any
work conditions for every job site
there's a pro built light that's right
for you
you